Edits(?) & fixes (#183)
shawntabrizi/substrate-collectables-workshop: steps/6/README.md

Those transactions are processed, and then dispatched to callable functions within the blockchain.

> *Internal functions are generally implemented in a separate `impl.rs` file for ergonomic purposes, while the callable functions are located in `lib.rs`.*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For ergonomics, you will normally see callable functions defined in the `lib.rs`, but their logic implemented in a separate `impls.rs` file. This is really up to your preference, but since this is the common practice in the Polkadot SDK, the tutorial will use this pattern as well.
```
